chore: introduce expect.toContainClass (instead of partial: true) (#35551)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-locatorassertions.md

```

```js
const locator = page.locator('#component');
await expect(locator).toContainClass('middle selected row');
await expect(locator).toContainClass('selected');
await expect(locator).toContainClass('row middle');
```

```java
assertThat(page.locator("#component")).containsClass("middle selected row");
assertThat(page.locator("#component")).containsClass("selected");
assertThat(page.locator("#component")).containsClass("row middle");
```

```python async
from playwright.async_api import expect

locator = page.locator("#component")
await expect(locator).to_contain_class("middle selected row")
await expect(locator).to_contain_class("selected")
await expect(locator).to_contain_class("row middle")
```

```python sync
from playwright.sync_api import expect

locator = page.locator("#component")
expect(locator).to_contain_class("middle selected row")
expect(locator).to_contain_class("selected")
expect(locator).to_contain_class("row middle")
```

```csharp
var locator = Page.Locator("#component");
await Expect(locator).ToContainClassAsync("middle selected row");
await Expect(locator).ToContainClassAsync("selected");
await Expect(locator).ToContainClassAsync("row middle");
```

> When an array is passed, the method asserts that the list of elements located matches the corresponding list of expected class values. Each element's class attribute is matched against the corresponding string or regular expression in the array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an array is passed, the method asserts that the list of elements located matches the corresponding list of expected class lists. Each element's class attribute is matched against the corresponding class in the array:
```

```html
<div class='list'></div>
  <div class='component'></div>
  <div class='component selected active-element'></div>
  <div class='component'></div>
</div>
```

```js
const locator = page.locator('list > .component');

> await expect(locator).toContainClass(['component', 'component selected', 'component']);

Reviewer: Let's make an example where we expect `['inactive', 'active', 'inactive']`.

```

```java
assertThat(page.locator("list > .component")).hasClass(new String[] {"component", "component selected", "component"});
```

```python async
from playwright.async_api import expect

locator = page.locator("list > .component")
await expect(locator).to_have_class(["component", "component selected", "component"])
```

```python sync
from playwright.sync_api import expect

locator = page.locator("list > .component")
expect(locator).to_have_class(["component", "component selected", "component"])
```

```csharp
var locator = Page.Locator("list > .component");
await Expect(locator).ToContainClassAsync(new string[]{"component", "component selected", "component"});
```

### param: LocatorAssertions.toContainClass.expected
* since: v1.52
* langs: js

> - `expected` <[string]|[RegExp]|[Array]<[string]|[RegExp]>>

Reviewer: No RegExp support please!

Expected class or RegExp or a list of those.

> ### param: LocatorAssertions.toContainClass.expected

Reviewer: Once you remove RegExp from here, it seems to be exactly the same as JS, so let's merge.

* since: v1.52
* langs: python
- `expected` <[string]|[RegExp]|[Array]<[string]>|[Array]<[RegExp]>|[Array]<[string]|[RegExp]>>

Expected class or RegExp or a list of those.

> ### param: LocatorAssertions.toContainClass.expected

Reviewer: Same thing here, merge with JS.

* langs:
  - alias-java: hasClass

> Ensures the [Locator] points to an element with given CSS classes. When a string is provided, it must fully match the element's `class` attribute. To match individual classes or perform partial matches use [`method: LocatorAssertions.toContainClass`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensures the [Locator] points to an element with given CSS classes. When a string is provided, it must fully match the element's `class` attribute. To match individual classes use [`method: LocatorAssertions.toContainClass`].
```

> **Usage**

Reviewer: Please update the examples to the previous version with RegExp and without partial.
